<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_wld_4xn_qjb">
    <title>Accessibility Information </title>
    <shortdesc> Handicap accessibility varies within the 2010 building. The residents of the building believe all should have access to the entirety of 2010 E Hennepin. 
        We have been negotiating with property management to get the building up to accessibility codes.  </shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>Parking</p>
        <p><ul>
                <li>The West Parking Lot has 3 handicap parking spots right across from the main
                    entrance, which is labeled "Research Laboratories."</li>
                <li>The East Parking Lot has no official handicap spots. However, there is a copious
                    amount of parking in the east lot. Spots near the building doors are usually
                    available. </li>
                <li>Both parking lots are a mix of asphalt and gravel. Unfortunately, wheelchairs
                    without thicker tires may be challenged. </li>
            </ul> </p>
        <p>Elevators</p>
        <p><ul>
            <li>The basement, first floor, and second floor of buildings 1, 2, and 3 are connected by a freight elevator.</li>
            <li>A second person is necessary for operating the elevator. Find a resident to educate
                    and help.</li>
            <li>Please note, FOCI, the glass blowing collaborative, is not handicap accessible. The
                    staff and volunteers at the collaborative have been working tirelessly with
                    property management to bring the space to code. There will be a formal
                    announcement when the structural improvements are made.</li>
        </ul> </p>
        <p>Building Doors</p>
        <p><ul>
            <li>The most handicap accessible door is to Building 4 off the east parking lot. There is a ramp up to the door of the building.
                Once inside the building, an additional ramp leads straight the freigh elevator mentioned above.</li>
        </ul> </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
